Regra | Status
--- | ---
All food workers, including wait staff, should know how to prepare and handle food safely to prevent food-related illnesses. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Owners and managers should study this guide, share it with their employees and use the Self-Inspection Worksheet (after page 12) to regularly check their restaurants’ physical and environmental conditions and their employees’ food-handling practices. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The Health Code requires food service establishments to have a supervisor of food operations with a Food Protection Certificate on duty during all hours of operation to supervise food preparation and processing. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The Health Department recommends that restaurants have more than one staff person with a Food Protection Certificate. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Individuals can earn a Certificate by taking and passing the Health Department’s food protection course. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Every food service establishment in New York City receives an unannounced, onsite inspection at least once a year to check if it is meeting Health Code food safety requirements. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The inspector may visit anytime the restaurant is receiving or preparing food or drink, or is open to the public. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Health Department inspectors hold bachelor’s degrees with significant coursework in science. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
All inspectors undergo months of intense public health and communications instruction before they conduct an inspection on their own. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
They are taught to identify and explain to operators which hazards contribute to food-borne illnesses and to document these accurately in an inspection report. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
It is a crime to offeror for the inspector to demand money, gifts or services of any kind. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Legal action will be taken against anyone who offers or accepts a bribe. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The inspector records observed violations in a handheld computer during the inspection. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Each violation is associated with a range of points depending on the type and extent of the violation, and the risk it poses to the public. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
At the end of the inspection, the points are added together for an inspection score.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Lower inspection scores indicate better compliance with the Health Code. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Health Code violations are classified as “critical” or “general”. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Critical violations are more likely than general ones to contribute to food-borne illnesses because they may be a substantial risk to the public’s health. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Critical violations are given more points than general violations. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Failing to cook food to required temperatures is a critical violation, while failing to provide an accurate thermometer in a refrigerator is a general violation. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
“Public health hazards” are critical violations that pose an immediate health threat. Due to their serious nature, they carry the most points. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
If an establishment does not correct a public health hazard before the end of the inspection, the Health Department may close it immediately. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
"Pre-permit serious items” are critical violations in the design of an establishment, such as improper sewage disposal or lack of a hand-washing facility near the food preparation area. The Health Department will not issue a permit if the establishment has one of these conditions. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
These violations must be corrected before the restaurant opens, or immediately if the establishment is already open to the public. Because these violations are critical to safe design and operation of the food service establishment, they carry the most points. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The number of points an establishment receives for a critical or general violation depends on its condition level, meaning the extent and frequency of the violation. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Every condition level is determined by a specific set of parameters. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Conditions range from Level I, which carries the fewest points, to Level V, which carries the most points. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Condition Level V, in most instances, is used to score public health hazards that are not corrected at the time of the inspection and is usually assigned 28 points. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Some cited violations may result in a Notice of Violation, fine and/or follow-up inspection, but are not counted toward the inspection score. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
At the end of the inspection, the inspector will: - Review the results of the sanitary inspection with the operator, explain violations and suggest ways to correct them and improve food safety. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Cited violations should be corrected as soon as possible, and the establishment should take steps to prevent them from recurring. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Issue a printed Inspection Report that states what the inspector observed, the violation points and the inspection score. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Issue a Notice of Violation if the score was 14 or more points in general violations. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The inspector may issue a Notice of Violation if a critical violation or an unscored violation was cited.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
All Notices of Violation are signed by the inspector and the food service operator. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Provide the date when the Notice of Violation will be heard by a hearing examiner at the Health Hearings Division of the Office of Trials and Hearings (OATH). | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The back of the Notice of Violation includes contact information for OATH, a description of the hearing process and information about settlement and hearing by mail.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Fines are determined at OATH. They range from 200 to 2,000 per violation and may be higher for repeated violations. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Use the Self-Inspection Worksheet and Guide to Conditions in this booklet to conduct regular self-inspections. | ENCONTRADA
The Health Department may order a restaurant to temporarily close to correct a public health hazard that cannot be corrected before the end of an inspection or when the restaurant is operating without a valid permit. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
A restaurant may also be closed if it scores 28 or more points on three consecutive inspections.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Prior to closure, an inspector will contact a supervisor, who will determine whether to order the establishment closed. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
If it is closed, Health Department closure signs must be immediately posted in the window(s) and/or door(s), all operations must cease and the restaurant must remain closed for business until it is authorized by the Health Department to reopen.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The Department will monitor the establishment to ensure it remains closed and will issue additional violations for not complying with the closing order. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
To reopen, the establishment must submit a written statement to the Health Department indicating that it has corrected all the violations that led to its being closed. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The operator may be asked to attend an informal meeting with Health Department supervisors. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
If it appears that sanitary conditions have improved, an inspector will conduct a reopening inspection while the establishment remains closed to the public. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Health Department supervisors will determine whether it may reopen. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
After re-opening, the establishment will be inspected for compliance with the Health Code. If it is in sufficient compliance, it may remain open and will be inspected again in about three months. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Repeated violations may prompt the Health Department to initiate procedures for the revocation or suspension of the operator’s permit at a hearing before OATH. This may result in the establishment being closed for a longer period of time, or permanently. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Consumers may check an establishment’s inspection history.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
As of July 2010, certain types of food service establishments, including restaurants, coffee shops, bars, nightclubs and most cafeterias and fixed-site food stands, must post letter grades that correspond to their sanitary inspection scores. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
A score of 0-13 results in a grade of A; 14-27 points, a B; and 28 or more points, a C. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Letter grades are not issued to mobile food vending units, temporary food service establishments, food service establishments operated by primary or secondary schools, hospital-operated cafeterias, correctional facilities, charitable organizations (including soup kitchens or other prepared food distribution programs) or food service establishments operated by not-for-profit membership organizations that serve food only to their members. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Restaurants with A grades are inspected less often than those with B or C grades | ENCONTRADA
Score 0 to 13 points = A; Score 14 to 27 points = B; Score 28 or more points = C | ENCONTRADA
Only certain inspections result in a grade. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Every food service establishment is scheduled for at least one inspection per year.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
A restaurant that scores 0 to 13 violation points on its first inspection will receive an A-grade card that must be posted immediately. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
An establishment that does not score an A on its initial inspection will not have to post a grade until it has had the opportunity to improve its sanitary conditions and is re-inspected. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
If an A is issued on re-inspection, the A-grade card must be posted immediately. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
An establishment receiving a B or C grade on re-inspection receives two cards: one showing the letter grade and one that says “Grade Pending”; one of those cards must be posted immediately. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The frequency of inspections depends on a restaurant’s score.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Restaurants with A grades are inspected less often than those with B or C grades. | ENCONTRADA
The letter grade or “Grade Pending” card must be posted in a place where it is easily seen by people passing by. It must be on the front window, door or an outside-facing wall.  | NÃO ENCONTRADA
The card must be within 5 feet from the front door or other entrance, and within 6 feet from the ground or floor. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Follow the steps below to practice A-grade food safety and keep your customers safe from food-borne illness. | ENCONTRADA
Be sure employees are trained in basic food safety and supervised by someone who has a food protection certificate. | ENCONTRADA
Arrange work schedules so that a supervisor with a food protection certificate is on duty whenever your restaurant is receiving or preparing food, or is open to the public. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Train supervisors to use the Self-Inspection Worksheet to regularly evaluate and improve the restaurant's condition and employees' food safety practices. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Provide food safety training for all employees who handle food. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Hold food at the proper temperature. | ENCONTRADA
Review Health Department rules for temperature-holding requirements. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Be sure equipment used to hold hot and cold food is working properly. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Use thermometers to monitor the temperature of foods in hot or cold storage. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Track food taken from hot or cold storage, and record how long it is out. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Control conditions that promote pests. | ENCONTRADA
Seal all cracks, crevices and holes in walls, cabiners and doors to prevent rodents, cockroaches and flies from entering. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Install rodent-proof door sweeps on outside doors. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Store food and garbage in pest-proof containers. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Clean grease, oil and food particles from all surfaces and equipment, including the floor underneath. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Keep range hoods clean and grease-free. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Contract with a pest control professional licensed to work in restaurants. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Protect food from contamination during storage, preparation, transportation and display. | ENCONTRADA
Keep food covered until served. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Keep food separated by temperature and type. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Avoid cross-contamination by separating potentially hazardous foods (like raw poultry) from ready-to-eat items (like salad mix). | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Maintain all food surfaces. | ENCONTRADA
Clean and sanitize all food-preparation surfaces after each use; remove caked-on food. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Repair or replace deeply-grooved cutting boards and chipped or broken surfaces so they can be properly sanitized. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Maintain all non-food surfaces. | ENCONTRADA
Review Health Department rules on acceptable materials; surfaces should be smooth and cleanable. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Keep all surfaces clean. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Maintain all plumbing and check it frequently. | ENCONTRADA
Monitor all plumbing fixtures and make needed repairs immediately. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Be sure plumbing is fitted with approved devices (valves, anti-siphonage pieces, vacuum breakers) to prevent backflow. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
Clean and maintain grease traps. | NÃO ENCONTRADA
